Blog post about Scicookie (#110)
OpenScienceLabs/opensciencelabs.github.io: pages/blog/scicookie-collaborating-and-learning/index.md

- **DevOps Integration:** Another significant benefit is the seamless integration of the Python project with DevOps tools. These tools automate and optimize the development process, from code status to completion and maintenance.

## How to use SciCookie?

### Quickstart

>**Note:**
Navigate to the folder where you want to create your project.

```bash
$ pip install scicookie
```

Once you have entered your folder, you need to generate a Python package project:

```bash
$ scicookie
```

## SciCookie profiles

SciCookie enables the community to create different profiles within SciCookie's platform tailored to the standards and preferences of each group or working community. Currently, only the OSL profile is available, but it is open to the community to submit pull requests with specific profiles. Each profile offers different configuration options to choose required tools, define titles for specific messages, and also set titles for documentation and help URLs.

```bash
$ scicookie --profile osl
```

### Demo Video

> For a better explanation, please watch a demonstrative video of the installation of SciCookie and the creation of an OSL profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a better explanation, please watch a demonstrative video of the installation of SciCookie and the creation of a project using the OSL profile.
```
